======================================================================
Product Name	 : TIBCO Enterprise Message Service(TM) Distribution for TIBCO Silver(R) Fabric
Release Version	 : 8.3.0
Release Date	 : April 2016

======================================================================
Introduction 

TIBCO Enterprise Message Service Distribution for TIBCO Silver
Fabric is a complementary software product that enables
automated deployment of the TIBCO Enterprise Message
Service(TM) to TIBCO Silver(R) Fabric Cloud environments using
TIBCO Silver(R) Fabric Enabler for TIBCO Enterprise Message
Service(TM). The Enterprise Message Service Distribution is a
compressed archive of the TIBCO Enterprise Message Service
ready for publishing on TIBCO Silver Fabric Engines. 

Each TIBCO Enterprise Message Service Distribution for TIBCO
Silver Fabric is intended for a specific Operating System. Use
of the TIBCO Enterprise Message Service Distribution is
dependent on the TIBCO Silver Fabric Enabler for TIBCO
Enterprise Message Service.  Refer to the TIBCO Silver Fabric
Enabler for TIBCO Enterprise Message Service documentation for
installation, use, and licensing information.

======================================================================
Supported Platforms

   Microsoft Windows
      7 32-bit on x86
      7 64-bit on x86-64
   Microsoft Windows Server
      2008, 2012, 2012 R2 64-bit on x86-64
   Novell SUSE Linux Enterprise Server
      11.3 32-bit on x86
      11.3 64-bit on x86-64
   Oracle Solaris
      10, 11 64-bit on SPARC
      10, 11 64-bit on x86-64
   Red Hat Enterprise Linux Server
      5.x, 6.x 32-bit on x86
      5.x, 6.x, 7.x 64-bit on x86-64

======================================================================
Minimum Software Requirements

   TIBCO Software:
     TIBCO Silver(R) Fabric Enabler for TIBCO Enterprise Message
     Service(TM) 2.0.0
     TIBCO Silver(R) Fabric 5.6.0

======================================================================
Product-Specific Information 

Installation

There is no installation of the Distribution zip files. Details
about use of the distribution zip files are present in the
TIBCO Silver Fabric Enabler for TIBCO Enterprise Message
Service Guide.

Because TIBCO Enterprise Message Service(TM) Distribution for
TIBCO Silver(R) Fabric is uploaded to the machine running the
Silver Fabric Broker and deployed to the Silver Fabric Engine,
estimates for the targeted Engine hardware requirements must
include an allowance for the Silver Fabric Enabler and Engine.
Refer to the Readme for the TIBCO Silver Fabric Enabler for
TIBCO Enterprise Message Service(TM) for Enabler requirements
and TIBCO Silver Fabric readme for Engine hardware
requirements.
  
Product Manuals and Release Notes

For TIBCO Enterprise Message Service configuration, operation,
and use, refer to the TIBCO Enterprise Message Service
documentation.

For information on the TIBCO Silver Fabric Enabler and how it
is used to deploy the Distribution, refer to the TIBCO Silver
Fabric Enabler for TIBCO Enterprise Message Service product
documentation, which is available from the download site and
from the doc folder at the root level in the container zip
archive.

Licenses

Use of the TIBCO Enterprise Message Service Distribution for
TIBCO Silver Fabric is governed by the terms and conditions set
forth in the End User License Agreement accepted with
installation of the TIBCO Silver(R) Fabric Enabler for TIBCO
Enterprise Message Service(TM).

Other applicable terms and conditions are published with the
TIBCO Silver(R) Fabric Enabler for Enterprise Message Service
(TM) TIB_sfem_2.0.0_license.pdf file.

======================================================================
Documentation

Documentation on the TIBCO Documentation site is updated more
frequently than any documentation that might be included with
the product. To ensure that you are accessing the latest
available help topics, please visit us at
https://docs.tibco.com.

======================================================================
TIBCO Product Support

Check the TIBCO Product Support web site at
https://support.tibco.com for product information that was 
not available at release time. Entry to this site requires 
a username and password. If you do not have one, you can 
request one. You must have a valid maintenance or support 
contract to use this site.

======================================================================
Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012-2016, TIBCO Software Inc. All rights reserved.
TIBCO Software Inc. Confidential Information



